tools: remove tools-versions-minimum.txt (#10374)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

|no_changes_yet_note|

IDE and tool support
=====================

> * Removed :file:`scripts/tool-version-minimum.txt` because we only test with 1 toolchain version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed :file:`scripts/tool-version-minimum.txt` because we only test with one toolchain version.
  The table in :ref:`required-tools` has been updated accordingly to no longer specify minimum tool versions.
```

> * Removed :file:`scripts/tool-version-minimum.txt` because we only test with 1 toolchain version.

Reviewer: The whole section can be placed as the very first section in the changelog.

  * The :ref:`ug_thingy53` by aligning with current simplified configuration.
  * The :ref:`ug_nrf52_developing` by aligning with current simplified FOTA configuration.

* Removed:

>   * No longer specify minimum tool versions. :ref:`required-tools`

Reviewer: This can be removed as the line was merged with the IDE and tool support one.
